Wow, we have covered a lot in this lesson.
You can now decide on processing pieces.
You can strategize on when you need to use ETL and when you want ELT.
You know all about data storage.
You should be able to differentiate between a database,
data warehouse, or data lake,
and select the relevant data storage piece.
You should be able to apply strategic nuances for making infrastructure decisions,
and oh, don't forget most important thing, security and compliance.
You can now ensure that you are in compliance while dealing with various types of data.
Great job getting through the lesson's content.
Next, we'll wrap up the course.